en,zh: add v1.5.1 release notes (#2458)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/releases/release-1.5.1.md

---
title: TiDB Operator 1.5.1 Release Notes
---

# TiDB Operator 1.5.1 Release Notes

Release date: October 20, 2023

TiDB Operator version: 1.5.1

## New features

- Support replacing volumes for PD, TiKV and TiDB ([#5150](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/5150), [@anish-db](https://github.com/anish-db))

## Improvements

## Bug fixes

- Fix errors from PVC modifier when a manual TiKV eviction is requested ([#5302](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/5302), [@anish-db](https://github.com/anish-db))
- Fix a deadlock in TiDB Operator casued by the TiKV eviction when a volume replacement is ongoing ([#5301](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/5301), [@anish-db](https://github.com/anish-db))

> - Fix the issue that TidbCluster can't be rolled back when upgrading ([#5345](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/5345), [@anish-db](https://github.com/anish-db))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix the issue that TidbCluster may be able to roll back during the upgrade process ([#5345](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/5345), [@anish-db](https://github.com/anish-db))
```

> - Fix the issue that TidbCluster can't be rolled back when upgrading ([#5345](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/5345), [@anish-db](https://github.com/anish-db))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix the issue that TidbCluster can't be rolled back when upgrading ([#5345](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/5345), [@anish-db](https://github.com/anish-db))
- Fix the problem of MaxReservedTime doesn't work for scheduled backup ([#5147](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/5147), [@BornChanger](https://github.com/BornChanger))
```

---
title: TiDB Operator 1.5.1 Release Notes
---

# TiDB Operator 1.5.1 Release Notes

Release date: October 20, 2023

TiDB Operator version: 1.5.1

## New features

- Support replacing volumes for PD, TiKV, and TiDB ([#5150](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/5150), [@anish-db](https://github.com/anish-db))

## Improvements

## Bug fixes

- Fix errors from PVC modifier when a manual TiKV eviction is requested ([#5302](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/5302), [@anish-db](https://github.com/anish-db))
- Fix a deadlock issue in TiDB Operator caused by the TiKV eviction when a volume replacement is ongoing ([#5301](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/5301), [@anish-db](https://github.com/anish-db))
- Fix the issue that TidbCluster may be able to roll back during the upgrade process ([#5345](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/5345), [@anish-db](https://github.com/anish-db))

> - Fix the problem of MaxReservedTime doesn't work for scheduled backup ([#5148](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/5148), [@BornChanger](https://github.com/BornChanger))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix the issue that the `MaxReservedTime` option does not work for scheduled backup ([#5148](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/5148), [@BornChanger](https://github.com/BornChanger))
```
